feat(linter): add noExcessiveLinesPerFile to CSS and GraphQL (#8697)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/no-excessive-lines-cross-lang.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Added `noExcessiveLinesPerFile` rule to CSS and GraphQL. Fixes #8673.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the nursery lint rule [`noExcessiveLinesPerFile`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-excessive-lines-per-file/) to CSS and GraphQL.
```
I believe the standard is to only add an issue number for bug fixes
